the Outback every year red kangaroos
have two goals staying alive and raising
babies
and every year they face a set of
problems unique to this land it's one of
the driest places on earth so there's
not a lot to eat
even worse the weather is totally
unpredictable and the soil is the most
infertile on the planet here the odds
against staying alive let alone rearing
young really mount up about ten million
red Roos live in Central Australia but
it's only by getting to know individuals
that you can really see just how
challenging their lives can be red rose
look as if they're designed to hop all
over Australia but when an adult settled
their home range is quite small still
they can easily travel 50 kilometres or
so in search of fresh green shoots this
mob lives in the far northwest corner of
New South Wales
big adult males have a body built to
impress they live a free bachelor
existence most males have red coats
while many of the females of blue gray
mothers have sole responsibility for
their youngsters this female Ruby and
her baby
Elvis live among the mob the bonds
between them are closed and they need to
be it's July midwinter Down Under
Elvis is just over seven months old and
his life is not quite as carefree as it
seems for a start his mum is young and
relatively inexperienced this spells
trouble
and even if Ruby had all the experience
in the world the odds are against them
on average a youngster like Elvis has
only a 40% chance of surviving the next
six months and the fact that dingoes
live nearby doesn't help at all
Elvis scrambles into Ruby's pouch for
safety because he hasn't yet got the
stamina for a long chase given half a
chance dingos kill Roos mothers and
babies are top of their list as the
dingo isn't too close Ruby doesn't waste
energy on flight both she and Elvis wait
to see what will happen next the dingo
without the element of surprise on his
side doesn't even bother to hunt caution
pays but Elvis's heavy and Ruby's keen
to get him back out of the pouch
you